1. Explain the use of JavaScript ( or What you can do using a JavaScript)

So JavaScript not limited to anything you can do n number of things using Javascript. Like we can use it for web development 
mobile app development , blockchain development , machine learning and so on. So it is a very vast programming language .

2. What is the difference between client-side and server-side?

So client side is basically your browser what you see or what a normal user see is Cliend Side. Server side is backend 
of a website . It is something that is not accessible to everyone. Anybody can see client side code but no one except the
owner can see the backend of website.

3. What is Nodejs?

NodeJs is runtime enviroment for Javascript. It lets you run Javascript outside your browser. It is also a backend technology
that lets you build backend of a website using Javascript.

4.Explain Scope in JavaScript?

So Scope is context/Area in which current values are being visible(For ex variable scope is the part of the program where it is availble to use).
Say for example a varible defined with var keyword has a global scope that means that variable can be accessed from anywhere , but if u define same variable with let keyword inside 
a function than thant function is a local scope for that varible and value of that variable will be what defined inside 
that function.

4.JavaScript is asynchronous or synchronous.
So Javascript is bascially synchronous meaning it can execute one task at a time and you have to wait until that tasask is done 
but there are some instances where Js behaves as asynchronous also. We can manipulate the JS in such a way that it behave asynchronous
. For example you make a call to database for some query result . Now asynchronous callback allows you to invoke a callback function for a request
and it will wait for the response freeing up the other code to execute.

5.JavaScript is Single-threaded or Multi-threaded.

Js is Single threaded programming language.

6. Explain DOM in your own word.

So DOM stand for document object model. DOM contains all the structure and content of a web page. (mujhe jyada smjh nhi aaya iske baare mai)